.github/README.md, before:

# - Project Mario -

### - Pages -

The latest releases and builds are avalible [here](https://github.com/ELedlow-Studios/Project-Mario/releases/).

The Wiki is available [here](https://github.com/ELedlow-Studios/Project-Mario/wiki).

### - Information -

**Cloning the Repository:**

For Git:
1. Open a terminal or command prompt.
2. Run the following command:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ELedlow-Studios/Project-Mario.git
   cd Project-Mario
   ```
3. Ensure you have [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) and [Neutralino](https://neutralino.js.org/) installed.

For GitHub Desktop:
1. Open GitHub Desktop.
2. Click on **File** > **Clone Repository**.
3. In the **URL** tab (or any similar tab in your version), paste the repository URL:
   ```
   https://github.com/ELedlow-Studios/Project-Mario
   ```
4. Click on **Clone**.
5. Navigate to the cloned directory in GitHub Desktop.

Make sure you have [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) and [Neutralino](https://neutralino.js.org/) installed to properly build the project.

### - Disclaimer -
We do not own **Super Mario** and this is a fan project.

**All Rights of Super Mario** and its associated franchise **belong to Nintendo**.

**We do not** claim the rights of Nintendo's property and **this is clearly fanmade**.

This project **was created for fun** and was created to fulfill a weird dream ELedlow had.

---

Super Mario ©1986-2025 of Nintendo.
Mar.V2.exe ©2022-2025 of ELedlow Studios.

Commit message:

Get rid of ELedlow Studios because the team left me
I have a new team now dedicated to working on fangames (mostly in the horror genre) and similar stuff.

.github/README.md, after:

# Project Mario

### Disclaimer
**We do not own Super Mario and should be not treated as such as this is a FAN project**. **All Rights of Super Mario** and its associated franchise **belong to Nintendo, NOT US**!

**We do not** claim the rights of Nintendo's property and **this is clearly fanmade**. **We do not intend to challenge Nintendo** as this was made in love of their creation, **not in theft.**

This project **was created for fun** and was created to fulfill a strange dream the creator of the creepypasta had.


### Documentation and Builds

The latest releases and builds are avalible [here](https://github.com/ProjectCrackers/Project-Mario/releases/).

The project wiki is available [here at it's wiki page](https://github.com/ProjectCrackers/Project-Mario/wiki).

### Information

**Cloning the Repository:**

For Git:
1. Open a terminal or command prompt.
2. Install [**Git** if you haven't already](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
3. Run the following command once you've opened the appropriate directory:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ProjectCrackers/Project-Mario.git
   cd Project-Mario
   ```
4. Ensure you have [**NodeJS**](https://nodejs.org/) and [**Neutralino**](https://neutralino.js.org/) installed to properly build the project.

For GitHub Desktop (easiest option):
1. Install [**Github Desktop** if you haven't already](https://github.com/apps/desktop)
2. Open GitHub Desktop.
3. Click on **File** > **Clone Repository**.
4. In the **URL** tab (or any similar tab in your version), paste the repository URL:
   ```
   https://github.com/ProjectCrackers/Project-Mario
   ```
5. Click on **Clone**.
6. Navigate to the cloned directory in GitHub Desktop.

Make sure you have [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) and [Neutralino](https://neutralino.js.org/) installed to properly build the project.

---

Super Mario Bros. ©1986 of **Nintendo**.<br>
Project Crackers is a fan project and **we do not own the rights to it.**
